# Titans DAC: Where we go from here
## Mission + Goal
Titans DAC exists to fund Metis community events and to support charitable causes in line with United Nations Sustainable Goals. To fulfill the mission, the goal of the DAC is to maximize it's treasury so it can maximize spending on events and charity. 

## Generating Revenue
### Phase 0: Launch Edition NFT's
Initial funding of the DAC came from the sale of 15 collectable Metis Girl NFT's. Gross revenue was 900 Metis. After fees, and commissions to the listing partner, artist, and founders the total added to the DAC treasury will be 708 Metis. Each launch edition NFT gives 1 governance vote. Additionally, 5% of every future NFT sold will be evenly split between the holders of the 15 Launch Edition NFT's.

### Phase 1: Staking
A small amount of addition revenue will be generated by staking the treasury during the Andromeda Community Staking Event. We may pursue additional staking and yield farming revenue as more dapps launch on the Metis L2.

### Phase 2: Validator Mining
If it's determined profitable, Titans DAC will operate a validator for the Metis L2 network.

### Phase 3: Daily Titans NFTs (Governance NFTs)
Titans DAC will pursue launching its own fork of NounsDAO where a new Titans NFT will be programmatically generated and auctioned every day forever. These NFTs will be used for governance of the DAC with each NFT receiving 1 governance vote. They will also get special privileges at Titans DAC events.

> #### Revenue from Daily Titans NFTs  
> - 75% to Titans DAC treasury
> - 5% to Titans DAC developers
> - 5% to Titans DAC founders
> - 5% to NFT asset artist
> - 5% to holders of Launch Edition NFT's
> - 5% to NounsDAO in gratitude for use of their open source project

### Phase 4: Titans DAC Club NFTs
Titans DAC will create a collection of 10,000 programmatically generated NFTs and sell them to the community. These NFTs will be used to grant general membership in the DAC. Membership will grant access to Titans DAC events and the Titans DAC online community. Holders have full commercial rights for the NFT.
> #### Revenue from Titans DAC Club NFT's
> - 85% to Titans DAC treasury
> - 5% to Titans DAC developers
> - 5% to NFT asset artist
> - 5% to Launch Edition NFT holders

## Spending The Treasury
### Development of DAC projects
To be able to generate revenue and to do on chain governance this plan calls for some development activity. We propose spending a portion of the treasury to fund the above revenue generating projects. We will additionally incentivize developers by granting them a portion of each NFT sale.

### Community Events
Every 6 months Titans DAC will sponsor a community event with 10% of the treasury. The amount taken out of the treasury shall not exceed 30% of the revenue generated over the past 12 months. The community events may promote Titans DAC, Metis, our charitable giving goals or something else that the DAC governors vote on.

### Charity
Every 12 months the DAC will set aside 20% of the treasury to be used on charity aligned with the United Nations Sustainable Giving Goals. The specific initiatives will be proposed by any DAC member and voted on by the Governors.
 #### Governors 
 - Holders of Founders NFTs
 - Holders of Launch Edition NFTs
 - Holders of Daily NFTs

